I'm back.
Okay, so I'm back.
Thanks for waiting. Merry Christmas.
Today we're going to explain
where I've been for the last six months,
what I've been doing and what we're going to do next.
Okay, so what I've been doing in the last
six months is mainly
writing this book, The Trading Game. Gary Stevenson.
This is going to be published 5th of March
by Penguin here in the UK,
in the US, and a ton of other countries as well.
This is my baby.
This is where I've been.
So I haven’t spoken
that much about a book on this channel, but basically
two and a half years ago
I got a call from a literary agent,
that's a book agent,
asking me if I wanted to write a book and
basically told him to get lost
because I wasn't really thinking
about writing a book at that time.
I was very focused on doing the YouTube.
But it kind of got me thinking that
a book might be a good way to basically use
my back story to really kick the doors down
and get a much bigger
audience for the stuff that we're doing here.
So I've been kind of holding my personal story back a little bit.
I haven't used it too much on the channel,
especially my mainstream media,
because I've always thought that
if we find the right vehicle for it,
we could really,
perhaps get a lot of publicity
and also really convince
of people about the importance of the message
that we're doing here.
So for those who don't know
my back story,
I grew up not too far from here
in East London, from a very poor background.
I was expelled from school when I was a teenager,
but when I was, I think, 20,
I won a competition, a card game,
and that got me a job in one of these skyscrapers
over here working as a trader.
You know, at that time,
I was not a very political person.
When I was a kid, I was very focused on making money.
But within a couple of years of working as a trader,
I became convinced that the global economy
would get worse and worse for ordinary people.
I started betting on that very aggressively,
and those bets made me millions of pounds.
And ultimately I became a millionaire
by betting on the collapse of the economy.
And that is what politicised me.
So after getting this call about writing a book, it
kind of made me think, maybe I can use this story.
If I can tell this story, if I can really
bring people into experience,
what I experienced, then, you know,
maybe we could have a massive story
and maybe we could convince other people
of what I became convinced of,
which is that we need to make change.
So I started writing the book and I was doing that
on the side of the YouTube for a long time.
It's not easy
writing a book, and,
you know,
I don't have a history of writing,
so I kind of gave up after six months,
but I had little bits and bobs put aside.
I got another call early last year from an editor at a
publishing house saying, you know
“have you thought of writing a book?”
and she convinced me to send her
some of the work that I’d done,
they offered me a deal and that was
what made me sort of think,
maybe we can really do this, basically.
So I called back
the agent who called me the previous year
and I said “Listen, I’ve got offered a deal.”
I also went back and read the stuff that I'd written,
and I realised, like, that's actually like
it's quite a cool voice. It's very it's very real.
It's really explaining how this place really is
in a way that I think
will be relatable in the way that to me
at least a lot of books aren’t.
And it convinced me that I could do it.
So I wrote 20,000 words. I sent it to this agent.
He sent it off.
And within a day we had like two massive deals
from two of the biggest publishers in the country.
I turned him down
because I said I needed to really
look these guys in the face.
And then we got a ton of offers from everybody.
And that's when I realised that
we could have a really big opportunity
to really write a book that's really big and really,
really blows this story open basically,
and brings a lot of attention to what we're doing here
and maybe we can get a movie.
We've already had movie offers for the book,
which is a bit crazy
and we’re in discussion for that now.
So basically this is what I had in my mind
earlier this year
when I was making the videos, which is...
first of all, I was really loving writing the book.
And as I was writing, I was kind of realising like,
this has every chance to be to be massive.
The channel was growing as well,
and I was kind of thinking,
when this book comes out next year in March,
are we going to be ready
for the amount of publicity
that we're going to receive. And,
you know,
I haven't spoken that much
about how this channel is set up.
But up until now it's just been me
and my mate from high school, you know, doing it.
No funding, you know, not that much equipment.
Just, you know, no support, basically.
No, no staff, no team.
And I didn't think
and I don't think that that is going to be enough
to support us for the hopefully,
the big boost in publicity
we're going to get in February,
March, when the book comes out.
So I decided to take a bit of time out,
finish editing the book off,
and also like
try and get a team together
so that we're able to maximise
the publicity we're going to get.
Because we're going to get
a ton of publicity around the book.
But I don't want it to be just about the book.
I think the book is really good,
but I also want to take the publicity
and use it to help us really grow this
channel as a political movement.
Because I think if we don't do that, we're going to see
big problems. So
I took some time out
to try
and sort out some funding, try and sort out
some professional structures,
try and sort out a team to work behind the YouTube
so that when this book comes out,
we can hopefully use it to really blow
this thing up and start having some real influence.
But that's done now.
The team is ready. Hopefully I'm ready.
The book is banging,
so I've been speaking to Waterstones
about getting you a discount code
and I'm pretty sure they're going to give me one.
A discount code for watchers of the channel.
If we've got that, it'll be in the description.
I'm pretty sure there will be one down there.
You can use that to preorder the book.
It's coming out on March 5th.
You know,
I don't want to be big like
sell the book, sell the book,
but if we get a load of preorders,
then we can come in like,
you know, try and come in high out
number one in the bestsellers list.
And that's going to help give us a big boost.
But more than that,
you know, the book is banging and I'm very proud of it.
I really enjoy it. I hope you're going to like it.
But, you know, listen,
for me, the book is part of the project.
It's going to give us a massive opportunity to grow.
I'm super excited about it.
I hope you're excited by it as well.
And I'm back now.
We're going to be making videos again.
We're going to try and grow
this and we're going to try and
stop this disaster from getting any worse.
So thank you for waiting.
Thanks for your support. Once again, this is the book.
Get behind it.
But we're back with videos as well
every week from now on.
So thanks for waiting and
let's move forward and make this a big thing.
Thank you.